is guys today I'll teach ie
as I already operated 2012 for galaxy y comes
Let's start talking, not even you first.
will download a file I left here in
video description down there
and you when it comes down to smoking
Cigar here until 2012 to Galaxy fan
well you are seeing here you click
with the right button it extracts extracted
Extra files he already left
so I am and not only in japan a
folder I chose this folder right
How do you want to go out?
O jaime perez 1012 da vinci file here
and this one
these two first you connect has
now one plug in the usb cable does not
puts on top are air to computer
connect usb cable here on mobile
and I'm doing this procedure
here in the galaxy no capsi y yandel do
album but can be done at the end tomorrow
when anyone
so here 's what you wanted to
goes there to put not apply the
You left anywhere in
anywhere in the world from anywhere
You put the sin on and of your card
anywhere in the world since we are going
put it like it has a kim folder
will also look for a pause to
put the apply put put on
archive
I received no notifications here
here's the application you put on my
You'll look for the android date folder.
and they harvest the coping the pine the date and
here and on your card or you
look for date page on android after
remember this card is according to the
It takes a very simple copy.
very very easy this procedure
Very cool guys, I recommend 2002
this is very cool and ours is
How do you work and where?
fun was now just here in
computer is just gonna like it now
a cell phone as cell phone is not
to see very well and is very well too
well from here we'll look for folder where
put the 2012 foot putting the
notifications tac or apply
let's install he 's talking
ready installed itaqui open completed
promote moveon tac pre 2012
It takes a little while to know the real
reason that country me all then was
I recommend and a fun're playing
champions league for english spanish
very cool and fun even adding
It takes too long to give up a little
huh
I'll wait for you to open there very April.
easy very simple people presume 12
for great staff and I highly recommend
cool
is a very simple and very
negative here and work here I will give a
straw to see how it is
the exhibition that commits these people the
julinho championship is not much there
funny
I'll just show you play what the
doctor shows that the game really
a guy who had to fiddle with the
team came by again is
very cool it was a fun game liked
Jewelry and right
Good afternoon people over there recommend it
He has god, thanks.